All right, Chief.
Total spend 230,008 thousand
No need to pack and deliver.
230,000 dollars, how long can I pay?
Whisper what?
Didn't you inherit my father yesterday?
They want me to bleed.
Director General, I swear.
I really didn't mean to come into your room last night.
If I try, I'll die.
What are you talking about?
If you are angry, you should do it.
But you can't punish me like that.
What punishment?
I was really drunk last night.
I promise there won't be a next time.
Please forgive me.
You wouldn't think
This 230,000 clothing is deducted from your salary.
Right? I still can't see your small amount.
You're my secretary.
That's my facade.
These dresses.
That's what it turns out.
So thank you, General Manager.
I promise I'll dress up when I go out.
Absolutely not to shame you.
It's true that people rely on clothes, horses rely on saddles.
Dress like that
The turn rate is much higher.
Snow Week
Dad.